This H2RG code contains

	3 microsec per pixel readout rate
	Initialization of the H2RG array by writing to its serial command register:
		64-output mode
		Default slow buffered readout mode
		Enhanced clocking in normal and windowed readout modes
	Pinouts as shown in the 'H2RG.waveforms' file
	Continuous readout mode, selectable in Owl
	Implementation of subarray readout, either in single channel native 
		H2RG windowing mode, or in multi-channel slow buffered readout mode

The following custom commands are implemented. They can be entered in the 'CMD' window of
the 'Debug...' window of Owl.

'SER'  arg	Transmit the hex number 'arg' to the H2RG internal registers
			via the SERial port
	
'RIR'		Reset the Internal H2RG Registers

'INI'		INitialize the Internal H2RG registers

'SRM'  arg	Set the H2RG Reset Mode in continuous readout mode
       arg = 1	To reset the H2RG before each exposure 
       arg = 0	To not reset it each time
     
'SRD'  arg	Set Read Delay between clocking a row and beginning to read it
       arg = 1	To enable the delay in microsec
       arg = 0	To disable the delay

'SVO'  arg1 arg2 arg3	Set the Video Offsets on the ARC-46 video processor board
       arg1 = board number, 0 to 7
       arg2 = DAC number, 0 to 3
       arg3 = 12-bit offset number, 0 to 4095

'CDS'  arg	Set to implement Correlated Double Sampling. In the Setup window of Owl the
			image size should be set to twice the size of a single read. 
       arg = 1	To enable CDS
       arg = 0	To disable CDS

'SNC'  arg	Select the Number of readout Channels in slow buffered mode. This can
			be 1, 4, 16, 32 or 64. For test purposes with one video board 
			it can be 8. If # = 3264 it reads 32 channels from the video
			channel numbers 32 to 63.

'RNC'		Read the Number of video Channels that the controller will read

'SVC'  arg	Select the Video Channel to be read in one channel readout mode

'SWM'  arg	Set Windowing Mode
       arg = 1	Read out in native H2RG windowing mode through one output #15
       arg = 0	Read out in slow buffered readout mode through the number of channels
			selected by the 'SNC' command.
 

The following commands are supported in Owl and the supplied API:

'SSS' arg1 arg2 arg3 = Set Subarray Size and enable or disable subarray readout mode.
			The command "SSS 0 0 0" restores whole image readout mode.
	arg1 = not used 
	arg2 = Number of columns in subarray
	arg3 = Number of rows in subarray

'SSP' arg1 arg2 arg3 = Set Subarray Positions
	arg1 = starting row number to begin reading
	arg2 = starting column number to begin reading
	arg3 = not used

Subarray or whole image readout is selected with the 'SSS' command, which is implemented in Owl.
Subarray readout can be either native H2RG windowing mode through one video channel, or readout 
from a subarray in each of the channels selected by the 'SNC' command. The command 'SWM' selects 
between them and the commands SSS and SSP select the subarray size and position.

